[PL-46871] Account Admin: Custom resource group (#6689)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/role-based-access-control/add-manage-roles.md

Roles, which grant permissions, work alongside [resource groups](/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/add-resource-groups), which grant access.

After configuring roles and resource group, you assign them to [users](./add-users.md), [user groups](./add-user-groups.md), and [service accounts](./add-and-manage-service-account.md).

> ## Adding Account Admin permissions to users in a Custom Resource Group

Author: @brian-f-harness Can we write in this format:
Adding all permissions access to specific resources selected via Custom Resource Group

??

> ## Adding Account Admin permissions to users in a Custom Resource Group

Reviewer: We want to avoid using gerunds in headings.
https://harness.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DOCS/pages/21544468526/Harness+documentation+style+guide#Headings%2C-titles

You can create a resource group and assign role bindings to the user group. This ensures that any new user added to this resource group automatically receives the necessary roles.

To add new users to a custom Resource Group and do Role bindings:

> 

Reviewer: We can do this at the account/org/project scope. Recommend following existing patterns for processes we can do at any scope.

1. Go to **Account Settings**, select **Access Control**, and then choose **Resource Group**.
2. Create a new **Resource Group**, select the desired resource types, and click **Save**.
3. Return to **Account Settings**, select **Access Control**, then choose **Users**.
4. Click **New User**, enter the user's email, and click **Add** under **Role Bindings**.
5. Click **Select a role** under **Roles** and choose **Account Admin** from the drop down.
6. Click **All Resources Including** under **Resource Groups** and select your respective **Resource Group**.
7. Click **Apply** to send an invitation to the user's email. After the user accepts the invite, the role binding process is complete.
8. After you have clicked on apply, an invitation to the specified user email will be sent. After the user accepts the invite, the role binding process is comlete.
9. The user can now login through their account and access only those resources that are allowed in the resource groups with their **Account Admin** permissions.

> To add an existing user to a custom Resource Group and do Role bindings:

Reviewer 2: Here its about providing role binding to Principal and selecting role and Resource Group. Its not about adding user to Resource Group.

Author: Will change the verbiage to mention this

> 1. Go to **Account Settings**, select **Access Control**, and then choose **Resource Group**.

Reviewer 2: Do we need this 2 sections. Seems repetitive.

Author: Two sections are required because one scenario is for a new user and another one is for an existing user; merging both will look like a very long process.

1. In Harness, go to **Account Settings**, **Organization Settings**, or **Project Settings**, depending on the [scope](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness/#permissions-hierarchy-scopes) at which you want to add new users to a custom Resource Group and do Role bindings.
2. Select **Access Control**, and then choose **Resource Group**.
3. Create a new **Resource Group**, select the desired resource types, and click **Save**.
4. Return to **Account Settings**, select **Access Control**, then choose **Users**.
5. Click **New User**, enter the user's email, and click **Add** under **Role Bindings**.
6. Click **Select a role** under **Roles** and choose **Account Admin** from the drop down.
7. Click **All Resources Including** under **Resource Groups** and select your respective **Resource Group**.
8. Click **Apply** to send an invitation to the user's email. After the user accepts the invite, the role binding process is complete.
9. After you select **Apply**, an invitation to the specified user email will be sent. After the user accepts the invite, the role-binding process is complete.

> 10. The user can now sign in to their account and access only those resources allowed in the resource groups with their **Account Admin** permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The user can now sign in to their account and access only those resources allowed in the resource groups with their **Account Admin** permissions.
```

Reviewer: Suggest removing numbered step since this is a result of the previous action and not a new action. (Similar to line 175.)

10. The user can now login through their account and access only those resources that are allowed in the resource groups with their **Account Admin** permissions.

To add role bindings to an existing user:

1. In Harness, go to **Account Settings**, **Organization Settings**, or **Project Settings**, depending on the [scope](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness/#permissions-hierarchy-scopes) at which you want to add new users to a custom Resource Group and do Role bindings.

> 2. Select **Access Control**, and then choose **Resource Group**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select **Access Control**, and then select **Resource Group**.
```

> 3. Create a new **Resource Group**, select the desired resource types, and click **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a new **Resource Group**, select the desired resource types, and then select **Save**.
```

> 4. Return to **Account Settings**, select **Access Control**, then choose **Users**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Return to **Account Settings**, select **Access Control**, then select **Users**.
```

5. In the search bar, search for the user that you wish to do the **Account Admin** role binding, and select the user.
6. Go to the **Role Bindings** tab and click on **Manage Role Bindings**.

> 7. Click **Add** under **Role Bindings**. Click **Select a role** under **Roles** and choose **Account Admin** from the drop down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Under **Role Bindings**, select **Add** . 
8. Under **Roles**, click **Select a role**, and then select **Account Admin**.
```

> 8. Click **All Resources Including** under **Resource Groups** and select your respective **Resource Group** from the drop down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Under **Resource Groups**, select **All Resources Including**,  and then select your **Resource Group**.
```

9. Click **Apply** and you will receive a notificattion stating **Role Assignments updated successfully** and the role binding process is complete.

> 10. The user can now login through their account and access only those resources that are allowed in the resource groups with their **Account Admin** permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The user can now sign in to their account and access only those resources allowed in the resource groups with their **Account Admin** permissions.
```

Roles, which grant permissions, work alongside [resource groups](/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/add-resource-groups), which grant access.

After configuring roles and resource group, you assign them to [users](./add-users.md), [user groups](./add-user-groups.md), and [service accounts](./add-and-manage-service-account.md).

## Add permissions access to specific resources selected via Custom Resource Group

> You can do role bindings to a user and attach the user to a specific resource group at the Account, Project, or Organization scope. To add new users to a custom Resource Group with role bindings, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do role bindings to a user and attach the user to a specific resource group at the Account, Project, or Organization scope.

To add new users to a custom Resource Group with role bindings, do the following:
```

1. In Harness, go to **Account Settings**, **Organization Settings**, or **Project Settings**, depending on the [scope](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness/#permissions-hierarchy-scopes) at which you want to add new users to a custom Resource Group and do Role bindings.
2. Select **Access Control**, and then choose **Resource Group**.
3. Create a new **Resource Group**, select the desired resource types, and click **Save**.
4. Return to **Account Settings**, select **Access Control**, then choose **Users**.

> 5. Click **New User**, enter the user's email, and click **Add** under **Role Bindings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **New User**, enter the user's email, then, under **Role Bindings**, select **Add**.
```

> 6. Click **Select a role** under **Roles** and choose **Account Admin** from the drop down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Under **Roles**, click **Select a role**, then choose **Account Admin** from the dropdown.
```

> 7. Click **All Resources Including** under **Resource Groups** and select your respective **Resource Group**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7.  Under **Resource Groups**, click **All Resources Including** and select your **Resource Group**.
```

After configuring roles and resource group, you assign them to [users](./add-users.md), [user groups](./add-user-groups.md), and [service accounts](./add-and-manage-service-account.md).

## Add permissions access to specific resources selected via Custom Resource Group

You can do role bindings to a user and attach the user to a specific resource group at the Account, Project, or Organization scope.

To add new users to a custom Resource Group with role bindings, do the following:

1. In Harness, go to **Account Settings**, **Organization Settings**, or **Project Settings**, depending on the [scope](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness/#permissions-hierarchy-scopes) at which you want to add new users to a custom Resource Group and do role bindings.
2. Under **Access Control**, select **Resource Groups**.
3. Create a new **Resource Group**, select the desired resource types, and click **Save**.
4. Return to **Account Settings**. Under **Access Control**, select **Users**.
5. Click **New User**, enter the user's email, then, under **Role Bindings**, select **Add**.

> 6. Under **Roles**, click **Select a role**, then choose **Account Admin** from the dropdown.

Reviewer 2: Instead of Account Admin we can mention Account Admin/Any custom role with all permissions selected as for resource selected in resource group. You can re-word it.

Author: Done

7.  Under **Resource Groups**, click **All Resources Including** and select your **Resource Group**.
8. Click **Apply** to send an invitation to the user's email. After the user accepts the invite, the role-binding process is complete.

The user can now sign in to their account and access only those resources allowed in the resource groups with their **Account Admin** permissions.

To add role bindings to an existing user:

1. In Harness, go to **Account Settings**, **Organization Settings**, or **Project Settings**, depending on the [scope](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness/#permissions-hierarchy-scopes) at which you want to add new users to a custom Resource Group and do role bindings.
2. Under **Access Control**, select **Resource Groups**.
3. Create a new **Resource Group**, select the desired resource types, and then select **Save**.
4. Return to **Account Settings**. Under **Access Control**, select **Users**.

> 5. Search for the user to whom you want to assign the **Account Admin** role, and then select the user.

Reviewer 2: Instead of Account Admin we can mention Account Admin/Any custom role with all permissions selected as for resource selected in resource group. You can re-word it.

Author: Done

Roles, which grant permissions, work alongside [resource groups](/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/add-resource-groups), which grant access.

After configuring roles and resource group, you assign them to [users](./add-users.md), [user groups](./add-user-groups.md), and [service accounts](./add-and-manage-service-account.md).

## Add permissions access to specific resources selected via Custom Resource Group

You can do role bindings to a user and attach the user to a specific resource group at the Account, Project, or Organization scope.

To add new users to a custom Resource Group with role bindings, do the following:

> 1. In Harness, go to **Account Settings**, **Organization Settings**, or **Project Settings**, depending on the [scope](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness/#permissions-hierarchy-scopes) at which you want to add new users to a custom Resource Group and do Role bindings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Harness, go to **Account Settings**, **Organization Settings**, or **Project Settings**, depending on the [scope](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness/#permissions-hierarchy-scopes) at which you want to add new users to a custom Resource Group and do role bindings.
```

> 2. Select **Access Control**, and then choose **Resource Group**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Under **Access Control**, select **Resource Groups**.
```

3. Create a new **Resource Group**, select the desired resource types, and click **Save**.

> 4. Return to **Account Settings**, select **Access Control**, then choose **Users**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Return to **Account Settings**. Under **Access Control**, select **Users**.
```

5. Click **New User**, enter the user's email, then, under **Role Bindings**, select **Add**.
6. Under **Roles**, click **Select a role**, then choose **Account Admin** from the dropdown.
7.  Under **Resource Groups**, click **All Resources Including** and select your **Resource Group**.

> 8. Click **Apply** to send an invitation to the user's email. After the user accepts the invite, the role binding process is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Click **Apply** to send an invitation to the user's email. After the user accepts the invite, the role-binding process is complete.
```

9. After you select **Apply**, an invitation to the specified user email will be sent. After the user accepts the invite, the role-binding process is complete.

The user can now sign in to their account and access only those resources allowed in the resource groups with their **Account Admin** permissions.

To add role bindings to an existing user:

> 1. In Harness, go to **Account Settings**, **Organization Settings**, or **Project Settings**, depending on the [scope](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness/#permissions-hierarchy-scopes) at which you want to add new users to a custom Resource Group and do Role bindings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Harness, go to **Account Settings**, **Organization Settings**, or **Project Settings**, depending on the [scope](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness/#permissions-hierarchy-scopes) at which you want to add new users to a custom Resource Group and do role bindings.
```

> 2. Select **Access Control**, and then select **Resource Group**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Under **Access Control**, select **Resource Groups**.
```

3. Create a new **Resource Group**, select the desired resource types, and then select **Save**.

> 4. Return to **Account Settings**, select **Access Control**, then select **Users**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Return to **Account Settings**. Under **Access Control**, select **Users**.
```

5. Search for the user to whom you want to assign the **Account Admin** role, and then select the user.
6. Go to the **Role Bindings** tab, then select **Manage Role Bindings**.

> 7. Under **Role Bindings**, select **Add** . 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Under **Role Bindings**, select **Add**. 
```

8. Under **Roles**, click **Select a role**, and then select **Account Admin**.

> 9. Under **Resource Groups**, select **All Resources Including**,  and then select your **Resource Group**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Under **Resource Groups**, select **All Resources Including**, and then select your **Resource Group**.
```

10. Select **Apply**. You will receive a notification stating **Role Assignments updated successfully**, and the role binding process is complete.

>   

Reviewer: Recommend verifying the steps and UI element names in the QA or prod UI to ensure accuracy.
